jeebus 26,000 just yesterday I made my
one year anniversary video and you know
yesterday after reading so many comments
from all of you Chi bits on the
anniversary video and then reading the
comments on you know the re upload in my
first video and just seeing so many
other different comments and just
looking through some old fan mail I was
just looking through all the
accomplishments we have done this year
this is not even all of it because you
have this entire box cool stuff I can't
even choke is just so much to think in a
year's time our community has grown to
this extent in just one year it feels
like I'm in a fairy tale or something
like it just in a dream like this Mike
this is really like a dream every time I
wake up every morning man I feel like
it's just a happy dream like it really
the kindness you all show I'm not worthy
of all this kindness you all showed me
I'm not because it really just means so
much when I see and think about how much
this community has truly truly grown so
much support so much love so much
helpful feedback so much support seeing
some comments between you achieve its
discussion comments of you talking about
anime and manga just just so much man
it's just did so much and my heart it's
just it's akin with happiness it is i
have feels right now I honestly have
fills this is sadder than any
we're not really sad it's like sad
happiness I don't know how to explain
that's like I'm so happy I'm sad like
him in the sad state just that's how
happy I am I yesterday I was just kind
of like I couldn't believe it I just
couldn't believe it's been a year and
you know with all the support what's
happening a year and today after
thinking I just did it just hits me all
at once it's like a
and truck just ran me over with the
phils and it's insane it really really
is insane to see how what we have done
if it wasn't for all of you I would not
be here I wouldn't there's been so many
accomplishments we have done this year
all of us all of you had pitched in all
of us have made a voice and this
community the chibok community is
growing to be massive it's insane it
really is to be able to express my
passion of anime and manga with all of
you with sincerity without lying and
being able to discuss it with my second
family where I can actually have fun and
discuss and be me I never want to give
that up I don't because you all you
achieve its I never want to give up
because it's amazing how I can actually
be myself express myself with all of you
and just share my love for the anime and
manga industry and even gaming somewhat
to its it's amazing the friendships that
have been formed through this community
is insane there's so many of us have
probably formed friendships with each
other and it's insane it is
I say this a lot cheap its I do but I
really do love you I'm honestly somewhat
closer with all of you didn't even my
own family because I spend so much time
talking with you seriously let's be real
here I spend so much time talking with
you all in the comments and stuff and
posting videos and stuff I pretty much
spend more time with all of you than
even my actual family and it's not
necessarily a bad thing it's not it's
actually a very good thing because being
able to relate with all of you and
discuss it each other's passions for
what we truly love and be open with each
other is what this community is about
and that is what it's always been and to
see how it still is even after a year
and we can still be happy it means the
world it really does I would never give
up these happy times we've all shared
it's fun what's even crazier too i have
a bunch of chiba to tell me like I
inspire them to become reviewers make
videos and stuff like that like I'm a
good example for wanting to make videos
and a lot of Chiba to ask me for advice
like what would you do like what do you
think I should do for my first video or
should I make videos my first thing I
will say to all of you I've made a video
actually in the past called be yourself
but I'm not gonna just put the link
there and be lazy not explain it my my
message all of you if you ever ever want
to express your passion for anything
never hold back be passionate about what
you love honestly never feel shy to
express what you truly love never feel
shy because you all have opened my heart
up because when I was in school when I
was in the past and just when I was like
a closet Oh talker I'm not joking I was
a closet otaku no one pretty much knows
even in my family how much I really love
anime manga barely anyone only my dad
knows I do this with YouTube with all of
you and I honestly can't discuss
anything about animal and relocked
anyone because they wouldn't understand
it so being able to be open with all of
you
actually come out and it just have my
passion it means so much to achieve its
I'm thankful I really am thank you for
supporting someone like me it really
means a lot every single one of you
pitched in some way or another even if
you don't comment the like on the video
it still helps comments.help anything
you do just watching helps just even
sitting there giving me awesome pm's and
feedback on certain episodes even
comments that technically give me like
negative feedback it's actually
constructive criticism and it makes me
try to better myself and I'm thankful
for that I am I love you all for that so
you all thank you for sticking with me
I'm going to be doing the 12 days of
anime if any of you know what the 12
days of anime or get prepared but it's
where every day i'll be making like a
special video talking about like what
was my favorite episode in each
individual genre or i'll be talking
about my favorite episode of the year
stuff like that it's just like anime
fein specials like something like top
tens and stuff that's pretty much what
the twelve days of anime are going to be
about and so expect that very soon when
the twelve days of Christmas pretty much
start so thank you and anyways I want to
be cutting to what we have accomplished
in this year
you